---
tags: apprenticeship, home
---

# I Applied for an Apprenticeship!

On Tuesday, the 9th of August, I applied for a Software Developer apprenticeship! On Monday, August 25th, I was invited to an online information session held over MS Teams three days later. I subsequently completed a Mindmill assessment before being interviewed by the educational institution on the first of September.

Funnily enough, on the morning of my interview I received a Jury Duty Summons - I slept poorly the night before, and I was somewhat startled to see an envelope addressed to me from the courts. Finding out that it was just Jury Duty was definitely a big relief! It was also a convenient icebreaker for the interview.

I think the interview went really well. At this point I'm waiting to hear back from them regarding both CV recommendations and interview tips before they will begin sending out my CV to companies interested in taking on apprentices.

At the information session we had been told that the first year in the classroom would focus on the programming language C#. I don't have prior experience with C#, so I bought [this Udemy course](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-csharp-masterclass/) and have since been slowly and steadily [working through it](https://github.com/MrSarno/CSharpMasterclass). My goal is to get somewhat ahead of the classroom, so that I will have the bandwidth to take on anything the company wants me to start learning - such as any languages, frameworks, or libraries used in their stack.

I'm a bit nervous at the thought of the interviews ahead of me - I am aware that I could need to sit through a dozen or more before being offered a position - but I am super excited to begin my apprenticeship. Here's to the future!
